today more and more people are
struggling I've never seen anything like
this before in fact and yet at the same
time there are people out there with
more money to spend than I've ever seen
I'm going to show you some
absolutely wild examples wild examples
what about dogs on
airplanes $6,000 a ticket for something
called bark air you heard me correctly
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you in today's video
we're going to look at this Grand
disparity this wealth Gap and I think
it's a problem because what we could
have here is class
Warfare that ignites some level of civil
unrest in the United States in Canada in
parts of Europe we could see that in
Australia and New Zealand so many other
places this shouldn't happen but of
course it
does and this usually comes to a head at
some point we're not quite there yet but
the struggle that people are feeling let
me tell you it's
real you not only have inflation
pressures now but also higher interest
rates and fuel prices at 359 on average
people are going to drive less they're
going to spend less and they have less
money in their
Pockets um we're talking about Target in
this case here just basically saying
that people are looking for better deals
and there's he's talking specifically
about the customers of
Target and what they have done is cut
the prices of I believe it was 5,000
different items in their store when
they're cutting the prices there could
could be done in a few ways
what what they could do is they can go
back to their suppliers go back to their
vendors and basically say you know how
we're buying that well what if we bought
a larger quantity could we saved some
money or we're not going to buy that
from you anymore unless it's at this
price then they could bring that back to
their customers and say look we dropped
the price for you but really it was
probably on the supplier side I think
people better be aware of that okay this
how it works maybe they cut in some
areas there certainly possible but I
have a feeling that it's on the other
end that's speculation this is just
showing you same store sales are down
and have been for the last 4 months it
looks like and the the trend by the way
has been several months down okay we
could see that Trend going in and why
because people have had enough it looks
like it but you look at this opposing
information I don't just show you one
it's kind of odd but consumers are so
demoralized by inflation and high rates
that they've given up on saving for the
American dream and are just spending
money I think to some degree that could
be true but I would have to say that
they're just spending a lot more money
but not getting more actually they're
getting less right because we have
inflation we have shrinkflation we have
people that don't have any savings so
you add all these things up and it's
kind of like okay not exactly what I was
hoping for right retailers use polic
like investigation centers to fight
theft you see what's happening here this
is
crazy it's so there's so much this is
talking about organized crime going on
inside the store um but it's so
extreme so extreme to see all of this
um they're just talking about Home Depot
they all go in they swarm it of course
the employees can't do anything about it
they just take and then uh I guess that
would be they'd be given you know how
based on how much they took they
somebody pays them the money right there
and they keep doing it over and over and
over and over again this is the type of
thing that happens at the end of an
Empire this is the type of thing that
happens when we are in the middle of a
collapse it's crazy but it's going
on my finances were wrecked and I was
cutting into my savings something that's
interesting that happens with food is
when you have to regard it with scarcity
it changes the way you cook and there
are a lot of uh posts on social media
about how to save money with the food
that you're cooking where to be shopping
to get the right deals I cover it here
too I talk about the food terminals I
talk about buying in bulk and so on you
see that the buyer behaviors are
changing consumer patterns are
shifting Target's roll back is partly a
response to customers that are finding
more economical alternatives for
household
Staples okay uh you you can see that
they're just talking about the details
of targeting yes it's just one store but
the same thing going on all over the
place and we see that as a shift
remember because I have from the sellers
perspective as well with my
businesses that um I can bring you that
information that you just can't find
from an economist or a wannabe Economist
I'm actually on the other side of the
equation as well so keep that in mind
that's the value here that you just
can't find uh elsewhere while savings
have been run down to the lows there
have also been meaningful increase in
expensive credit card debt the
outstanding level of credit card debt
recently crossed one trillion dollar
looking at the delinquency rate so
delinquency look at the left hand side
that has been going crazy uh much higher
than we have seen in the last decade not
a good sign a very bad sign in fact that
is 90 plus days
delinquent um in absolute terms it's
like it's not that much but when you see
the trend is of course a problem people
don't have savings and they are spending
any which way they can they're taking
second jobs you know that all right now
one at one point I was working three
jobs that was
voluntarily I did that well it's jobs
and businesses uh I did that why because
I figured I'm going to work every single
day and that way I'll be able to save
more so I can invest more okay and that
was many many years
ago um I guess I still work every day
anyway but the point is voluntarily
people are doing this because they have
to how the
$17 desk salad
won I find everything wrong with that
sentence but anyway as food prices surge
fast casual has somehow landed in The
Sweet Spot between expensive fast food
and Bloated
restaurants uh my goodness so the
financial times journalist tweeted a
photo of menu prices at Connecticut
McDonald's showing $17 59 for a Big Mac
combo meal this was at a rest stop but
these McDonald's prices are nuts right
so anyway the point is prices have
increased dramatically we have seen this
and people are just they're they're
shifting in one way shape or form maybe
they're going they're saying hey instead
of the McDonald's meal
I'm going to you know go over here and
get sort of fast food maybe they're just
going to change their habit they're
going to say hey I'd rather get as a
better quality food or I'd rather you
know go to a restaurant instead they're
they're making changes so that means
that this they are at the ceiling that's
what I'm trying to highlight here they
are at the ceiling and I got to tell you
I think you're in the wrong business
because Palm Beach housekeepers are
making $150,000
a year due to massive demand from the
wealthy
crazy crazy
$150,000 us a year to be a housekeeper
things have changed you work where you
work and oftentimes you're G to say what
did I get myself into I thought this was
supposed to be a good career and then
this kind of thing
happens where people are making
money walking dogs they're making money
as a housekeeper all these things and
then we get to this bark air launches as
first ever Airline catered to dogs we
are here to revolutionize flying for
dogs a 100% totally real Airline for
dogs do you want to get in on
that hey do you want do you want to fly
up in the air with your dog and
pay thousands of dollars for your dog
like this is not the weird thing I've
read there's a lot more odd things going
on today
certainly I would believe it if it was
true the point is there are people today
with more Mone than ever before there
are people today that have less than
they ever have they didn't recover from
the financial crisis and then 2020 came
around and they got sledg
hammered this is a very real thing for
millions of people what can they do I've
said it before I'll say it again first
things first I got playlist on my
YouTube channel how to make money I've
got the the you know there just just
looked in those playlists okay I got all
kinds of stuff how-to and solutions I've
got everything okay um there are ways to
save money okay yes there's the obvious
ways you can can and you can preserve
and you can that that's good stuff uh
other things is the food terminal people
don't even know the food terminals exist
it's not available to everybody in all
cities but in many cases if you know a
landscaper or you know somebody who has
some sort of food related business you
can get into the food terminal you can
get the food you got to buy it in big
like a tray at a time a box at a time
case at a time but then you could split
it you could split it with your family
your friends your neighbors that's one
way to do it okay take advantage of that
where you can you can you know talk to
the restaurants ask where their
suppliers are if you know the restaurant
well enough you can maybe say hey when
you do your orders if you could order
one extra case I'd be really grateful I
really appreciate that you've got to get
to know these people actually go if
you're going to go to your Supermarket
you can go and talk to the produce
manager get to know your produce manager
I've been in the back of the supermarket
many times because I know the knew the
produce manager so well that you know I
was able to get the reduce produce I was
able to choose what I wanted all these
different things look to take advant AG
of the circumstances where you can there
are many better ways to do that which is
you know increasing your top line as
best you can that's what I talk about in
the Sunday business live I know not
everybody wants to start a business but
for those who actually want to
accelerate who actually want to be able
to mitigate you've got to take it to the
next level that's what I you know I saw
the writing on the wall many years ago
and I started taking action immediately
if you want to know about building an
online business specifically we we start
with Amazon then we go on to Walmart
then we go into the retail
establishments that's the way I teach it
I do it in my opinion better than
anybody else and uh I have the money GPS
investment side backing that so if you
want to be a part of that there's a link
at the top of the description as always
all I'm asking is you hit the Thumbs Up
Button okay that supports me it supports
this Channel and of course I'll see you
tomorrow take care